---
title: To Everybody Whose Been Supporting Me 
template: comment.html
author: 天城サリー
description: _____I&rsquo;m actually really terrified to put what I&rsquo;ve been going through into words and to make an official announcement like this and I honestly don&rsquo;t know if I&rsquo;ll be able ...
avatar: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/zzzhxxx/227WiKi@master/docs/assets/photo/avatar/sally.jpg
date: "2019-06-19"
tags:
  - 天城サリー
---


_____
I’m actually really terrified to put what I’ve been going through into words and to make an official announcement like this and I honestly don’t know if I’ll be able to get everything across to you guys. But I hope that you will read this til the very end and understand my thoughts.

I know there was an announcement made on the 22/7 official website but I wanted you guys to hear it from me as well.

As announced on the website, starting from the release of the 4th single, I will be taking a break from several group activities including the handshake events, high touch events, and individual meet&greet events.

From the very beginning of starting my career in 22/7, I’ve suffered from social anxiety disorder.

Until now, I have been participating in group activities with the monitoring and consultation of several doctors, staff members, and my parents.

Some of you guys, if not all, have probably noticed that from the release of our 3rd single, I have only participated in one time slot of all the handshake events.

To tell everybody the truth, before the release of our 3rd single, I had many meetings with the staff members to discuss whether I would be able to partake in the individual meet&greets at all. At that point, the doctors and staff members were advising me to take a break from these events to focus on my health. However, I felt as if I would be letting the people who have supported me down if I were to do so. After expressing my thoughts to the adults, they allowed me to continue with one time slot considering my health conditions.

But even after trying and having the strong desire to continue to try, it became clear that my health just wasn’t keeping up with those emotions. Talking to the doctors once again, they have told me that it would be best for me to take a break for awhile and after many discussions, I have decided to follow their advice.

I just didn’t know how I should tell everybody the circumstances. I was afraid of making my social anxiety public in the first place, which made me keep it to just myself and the adults around me for the past few years I’ve been in this group.

I was afraid that maybe having a member like me would make the overall image of the group really negative, or that people would start to hate me and all these worries just made me think that keeping it out from the public would be the best decision.

But you guys mean so so much to me, words can’t even describe.

I can’t thank everybody enough for the constant love and support that you all give me.

And that is why I thought that being true to you guys was the least that I could do.

No matter how many times I felt like I couldn’t do it anymore, the kind words you guys gave me, and the support of my members and staff members are what made me push through.

With that being said though, what I’m trying to do right now is one of the scariest things that I’ve had to do. At this point I still don’t know what kind of reaction I’ll get and thinking about all the possible outcomes are very daunting.

But the one thing I want you guys to understand is that the me up until now has never been a lie.

To whomever I’ve met before and told my gratitude to, please know that those words always came from the bottom of my heart.

This decision is for a very positive future. I will try my best to get stronger as soon as possible for not only myself but for everybody who supports me.

Thank you for reading until the end. I hope you guys will accept my decision and continue to support 22/7 & myself. 



ツイート



